Use generators to allow multiple "results" from action (#28)
QafooLabs/QafooLabsNoFrameworkBundle: README.md

## ParamConverter for Flash Messages

Passing `QafooLabs\MVC\Flash` is not supported anymore. You must

> migrate the code to use `yield Flash($type, $message);` instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Shouldn't this be `yield new Flash($type, $message);` instead?
```
